Oh, I couldn't report it at HR now.
It's, oh, oh, oh.
Keep spreading rumors about me
and I'll take away a lot more than your manhood.
Elise, this isn't over yet.
That's what happened, Mr. Croft.
I was just fooling around
and she went all psycho on me.
In that case, I was just fooling around when I need you
and made you cry like a baby.
Oh, you, Mr. Croft, back me up here.
That's enough.
Stop spreading false rumors about your female coworkers
and then you're coming to me with your lies.
How dare you?
Mr. Croft, I would never do anything like that.
Report the HR, pick up your termination papers.
Mr. Croft, I was wrong.
I can apologize to Elise.
I know I was wrong.
I'm not gonna tell you again.
Mr. Croft, thank you.
Of course, I'm just setting things straight.